Eagles 19, Giants 17 ? Giants Come Up Short In Comeback Effort.

Oct 1st, 2012 at 12:25 am by Anthony RushingGame Notes

The Giants lose a tough one in Philadelphia to the Eagles 19-17 in 
a game that turned out to be a thriller. The Eagles have now won 8 
of their last 9 against the Giants.

The Giants seemed primed for another comeback victory, however quarterback 
Eli Manning could not pull it off this time as the Eagles come away with 
a 19-17 win in Philadelphia. The Giants have now dropped 8 of their last 9 
to the Eagles as they clearly still have their number.

The action in this game definitely picked up after halftime with both teams 
cranking it up on offense. However, the Eagles were able to find their 
running game which proved to be a huge turning point in the game as it helped
open up their passing attack. LeSean McCoy posted 123 yards on 23 carries 
as the Giants defense may have been worn down from all of those cutback runs.

It was the Eagles struggles to captilize in the red zone with touchdowns 
instead of field goals that kept the Giants in this game long enough to have 
a chance to win the game at the end. However Lawrence Tynes couldn?t connect 
on a 54 yard field goal attempt and that was that.

The Giants may have found a role for rookie David Wilson while he continues 
to develop into the running back they want to put out on the field. Wilson 
was explosive returning kicks tonight against the Eagles and consistantly 
gave the Giants solid field position.

The Giants secondary is already banged up and extremely thin. They took 
another hit tonight when safety Kenny Phillips left the game in the first 
quarter with a knee injury. Cornerback Prince Amukamara played well in his 
first NFL start for the Giants and that?s a huge plus for them.

What?s Next?

The Giants will welcome in the 0-4 Cleveland Browns for a home game at Met 
Life Stadium next Sunday for a 1pm et game. They?ll need to put tonight?s 
tough loss behind them because that? game has trap written all over it. The 
Giants must make sure they don?t look past the Browns to their week 6 
matchup against the 49ers in San Francisco. Beware of the trap game.